c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating.dll
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating.pdb
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\obj\Debug\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating.dll
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\obj\Debug\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating.pdb
c:\users\meker\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating\obj\Debug\FontAwesomeSuperStarsRating.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
